Skip vendor directories for go.mod extraction (#224)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2020-10-01-gomod-extraction.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * The extractor now uses the logic used to find packages to extract to determine which go.mod files to extract. In particular, vendored go.mod files will no longer be extracted unless the vendored package is explicitly passed to the extractor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The extractor now only extracts go.mod files belonging to extracted packages. In particular, vendored go.mod files will no longer be extracted unless the vendored package is explicitly passed to the extractor. This will remove unexpected `GoModExpr` and similar expressions seen by queries.
```
